Add roadmap item for addon discovery (#2351)
Shopify/ruby-lsp: DESIGN_AND_ROADMAP.md

- Explore allowing addons to add support for arbitrary file types
- Allow the Ruby LSP to connect to a typechecker addon to improve accuracy
- Make the Ruby LSP’s default functionality act as a fallback for the more accurate typechecker results

> - Introduction a mechanism for addons to be automatically detected with needing user configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce a mechanism for addons to be automatically detected without needing user configuration
```
